## Meeting Minutes
# Team 1: The Bold Ones

#### Date: *Wednesday, October 21st, 2022*
#### Time: *1:00pm - 2:00pm*
#### Place: *Zoom*

![text](teamMeeting.png)

<br>

### Attendance List
- [x] Aleksandra (Ola) Desens
- [x] Stanley Alexander Woo
- [x] Delvin Bajoua
- [ ] Nathaniel (Nathan) Susabda
- [ ] Vincent Liang
- [x] Yanxiong (Devin) Chen
- [x] Zichen (Ash) Zhou
- [x] Alf Berger Husem
- [x] Pratham Mittal
- [x] Sidharth Kumar

### Agenda
* Brainstorming - Project details
* Potential roles on the project

### Unfinished Business
* None

### NewBusiness
* Brainstorming project details - Sharable Grocery List:
    * Household account to share grocery list between users
    * List view + sidebar with list of users (vurrently active and inactive) in the account
    * Priority items
    * Categories for items by store isles (potentially categorised automatically by keywords in the future)
    * Email notifications about changes made and what items have been added or checked off
    * Manual input of total cost of the groceries purchased
    * Possibility to adjust cost split by different fractions (not necessarily 50/50)
    * Points getting the groceries (by number of items bought) to help even the efforts between users
* Brainstorming project details - Time Management:
    * Weekly view grid
    * Daily productivity slots
    * Add/drop activity
    * Counting of productive hours
    * Weekly progress report 
    * Competing with other users
    * At the end of each productive block, prompt to mark the task as finished or in progress (progress bar)
    * Prompt to schedule a new slot when task not finished
    * Due dates for tasks
* Project voting
    * After discussing the details for our 2 top choices of project ideas, we'll take another vote on which project we would prefer to go with. Ola will post voting on Slack and everyone will get 1 vote to pick their favorite idea. However the voting result does not guarantee the project choice, the final decision will be made by our TA.
* Next Meeting: Wednesday, Oct 26 at 1:00-2:00pm, Port of San Diego, Price Center 3rd floor
* Potential additional remote meeting this week
    * Ola and Stanley will confirm whether we'll hold another meeting to discuss project pitch.

### Comments - Questions - Concerns
* None
