## Meeting Minutes
# Team 1: The Bold Ones

#### Date: *Wednesday, November 9th, 2022*
#### Time: *1:00pm - 2:20pm*
#### Place: *Price Center - Port of San Diego*

![text](teamMeeting.png)

<br>

### Attendance List
- [x] Aleksandra (Ola) Desens
- [x] Stanley Alexander Woo
- [x] Delvin Bajoua
- [x] Nathaniel (Nathan) Susabda
- [x] Vincent Liang
- [x] Yanxiong (Devin) Chen
- [x] Zichen (Ash) Zhou
- [x] Alf Berger Husem
- [x] Pratham Mittal
- [ ] Sidharth Kumar

### Agenda
* Volunteers for weekly meeting minutes
* Backend team meeting scheduled for tomorrow to continue work on the pipeline
* Backend to set up branches: main -> dev -> frontend/backend
* Both teams to create GitHub issues for their tasks to be closed with a PR
* Front end meets today after team weekly meeting

### Unfinished Business
* None

### NewBusiness
* Discussed about backend meetings
* Discussed about what steps need to be taken before merging to main
* We need pull request in order to merge it to main
* There will be a dev branch and inside it have a backend and frontend
* If frontend/backend want to merge, we can merge it to the dev branch
* When merging to main, we need 2 people from the opposing team to approve it
* Discussed about what the frontend has done
* Frontend should design the layout of the website without any working button
* Backend should implement the button functionalities and store it to the local storage
* Discussed how will we do the sprint meetings
* Sprint meetings will cover whether we finish the first version, if not then the deadline should be pushed
* Discussed about retrospective meeting using the website https://retrotool.io/dvsDas_nhF5jkTaa2Y59C
* Next Meeting: Wednesday, Nov 16 at 1:00-2:00pm, Price Center - Port of San Diego.
    
### Comments - Questions - Concerns 
* Next week meeting minutes will be taken by Devin
