## Meeting Minutes
# Team 1: The Bold Ones

#### Date: *Wednesday, November 14th, 2022*
#### Time: *2:00pm - 3:00pm*
#### Place: *Zoom*

![text](teamMeeting.png)

<br>

### Attendance List
- [x] Aleksandra (Ola) Desens
- [x] Stanley Alexander Woo
- [x] Delvin Bajoua
- [x] Nathaniel (Nathan) Susabda
- [x] Vincent Liang
- [x] Yanxiong (Devin) Chen
- [x] Zichen (Ash) Zhou
- [x] Alf Berger Husem
- [x] Pratham Mittal
- [x] Sidharth Kumar

### Agenda
* Reviewing our sprint progress
* Planning of the next sprint

### Sprint Review
* Discussed backend progress
* Talked about finished pipeline
* Reviewed our progress on the fronend design, getting reviews from everyone.
* Reivewed on fronend mobbing not productive enough, and talked about how we can improve
* Reviewed on mobbing that it is hard to find a time for everyone to meet together, maybe can split into pair programming from now on

### New Sprint Planning
* Planning to work on the basic functionality and unit testing  
* Planning on go to V2 design

![text](group-photos.png)
