## Meeting Minutes
# Team 1: The Bold Ones

#### Wednesday, October 12th, 2022
#### Price Center - Port of Encenada

![text](teamMeeting.png)

<br>

### Attendance List
- [x] Aleksandra (Ola) Desens
- [x] Stanley Alexander Woo
- [x] Delvin Bajoua
- [x] Nathaniel (Nathan) Susabda
- [x] Vincent Liang
- [x] Yanxiong (Devin) Chen
- [x] Zichen (Ash) Zhou
- [x] Alf Berger Husem
- [x] Pratham Mittal
- [x] Sidharth Kumar

### Agenda
* Icebreaker - HeadsUp game
* Introductions
* Discuss future meeting scheduling
* Discuss upcomming assignments

### Unfinished Business
* None

### NewBusiness
* Assignment 1: Group Bonding Event
    
    Picture from our meeting to be posted on Canvas
* Assignment 2: Group Kickoff, Repo and Meeting Prep
    
    Please DM Stanley your GitHub email address so he can add you to our team repo. 
* Assignment 3: Branding, Group Page and Video
    1. Branding: We need to think of a name for our team so we can build our brand around it. Please post any ideas you have on slack in channel #brand
    2. Team Page: Stanley will create a Team Page and let you know when it’s ready. Everyone will need to add a brief note about themselves and a link to your personal GitHub.
    3. Team Intro Video: Please record a short 15 second video introducing yourselves and send it over to Ola. Since 15 seconds is a very short time, please just say your name/nickname and just something unique/interesting about yourself. Please record it with your phone in the horizontal setting and in somewhat good lighting.
* Assignment 4: Group Contract
    
    Please look at this assignment description on Canvas and once you have a good idea what you’d like to see in such contract please post it in #contract channel on slack. Please be specific and try to come up with more than one thing, it would make it easier to put together a nice contract. Delvin will put it together and then everyone will have to post in our repo a pdf with a signed version.
* Contact Info
     
     We agreed that it would be much easier to stay in touch via iMessage. For that purpose I created a separate channel #contact_info where you can all post your phone numbers. Once we have everyone, we’ll create an iMessage group chat. However, please keep in mind that any project communication should still go through Slack so it’s easy to find. iMessage chat is purely for purposes of catching each other easier or for a casual chatting.
* Next Meeting
    
    Our next team meeting is next Wednesday, Oct 19 at 1:00-2:00pm. Feel free though to always jump in a call with whoever is available if you need to discuss anything, no need to wait until our weekly meetings.

### Comments - Questions - Concerns
* None
