## Meeting Minutes
# Team 1: The Bold Ones
# FrontEnd Team

#### Date: *Monday, November 7th, 2022*
#### Time: *12:30pm - 2:00pm*
#### Place: *Zoom*

![text](teamMeeting.png)

<br>

### Attendance List
- [x] Stanley Alexander Woo
- [x] Delvin Bajoua
- [x] Nathaniel (Nathan) Susabda
- [x] Zichen (Ash) Zhou
- [x] Pratham Mittal

### Miro Board
* Link: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPG7N210=/

### Agenda
* Implement V1, having a simple page with basic functionalities


### Unfinished Business
* local storage update: didn't push back from localStorage successfully when reload page.
* Disapprear on pending items when ticked: didn't have enough time implement

### NewBusiness
* Discussed about:
* implement of V1 - the basic design to add item using pop-up window and store back in local storage, which doesn't lose info after refresh
* finish basic component and primary layout for html and css file
* Finish coding script for pop-up window to add new items
* Almost finish implementation on local storage update
* Sharing better website design, will discuss with Ola to settle down final version
![design](design.png)  
* Next Mobbing meeting: Wrapping up V1 and implement V2, better layout design.
* Next meeting time: Wednesday November 9th, 3:00 pm - 5:00 pm
* Retrospective meeting (What we have done after the coding/mobbing meetings)
  

### Comments - Questions - Concerns 
* Front-end team should focus more on the html/css file design, format looking for the layout. First mobbing meeting puts too much time in javascript coding.
