## Meeting Minutes
# Team 1: The Bold Ones
# FrontEnd Team

#### Date: *Saturday, November 5th, 2022*
#### Time: *2:15pm - 3:30pm*
#### Place: *Zoom*

![text](teamMeeting.png)

<br>

### Attendance List
- [x] Stanley Alexander Woo
- [x] Delvin Bajoua
- [x] Nathaniel (Nathan) Susabda
- [x] Zichen (Ash) Zhou
- [x] Pratham Mittal


### Agenda
* Design what features need to be implemented
* Decide when will we meet for coding

### Unfinished Business
* When2Meet meetings should be decided tomorrow for mobbing. (2-3 meetings)
* Link : https://www.when2meet.com/?17579906-Kl1Q8
* 2 hours/meeting

### NewBusiness
* Discussed about:
* V1 - the basic functionalities with simple design
* V2 - Make the layout looks better
* V3 -  Implement the list of a list. For instance, inside dairy we have a list of milk and eggs)
* V4 - Some more complex features
* Discuss that we should implement it step by step from v1,v2 -> v3 -> v4
* Discuss about C4 diagram
* Discuss what actions need to be taken in level 4
* Discussed about what we need to do when mobbing
* Next Mobbing meeting: Implement V1, Having a simple page with basic functionalities
* Retrospective meeting (What we have done after the coding/mobbing meetings)
  
### Task:
* The whole team: look at the retrospective assignment, ADR assignment
* Zichen Zhou (Ash) - Popup Window
* Nathaniel Susabda - Update on Local Storage, put the minutes into md
* Delvin - Try to implement and research the disappearance of pending items. Also look into the shift of items in rolling list.
* Stanley - Simple Layout for HTML Structure, work on ADR, Retro
* Pratham - Design so that the website looks attractive and better (CSS Styles)

### Comments - Questions - Concerns 
* None
